This is a head-gum original.
I've never started out by saying this, but this whole show is going to be
out.
What's that is, does me?
There we go.
Sorry, Marika, sorry, Marty.
No YouTube ad revenue, which I did historically think was negligible, and Marika said it's
not.
So it's at least a couple hundred dollars an episode, and that's down the drain because
I just used copyrighted music.
We've got Joel Dunno for turning into the show, arguably two often, your guest.
Ali Conno is a joy, and we've got Dean Cardiel on the show for the first time in a year.
Here's the thing, Dean being upstate makes me forget that he's an option.
And then somebody tweeted a day and said, when are you going to be on the head-gum podcast?
And Dean expressed enthusiasm for being here.
And I always want people who, you know, it's not pulling teeth to get them on the show.
So we've got Dean on the show.
This episode comes out tomorrow.
So what's that?
Oh, I said hell yeah.
Oh hell affirmative.
Yes.
I love that.
What's that?
This is, you know what?
Maybe this show should be one of those podcasts where it's like, oh,
yes, don't talk until I introduce you.
You introduce us to you, but you did introduce us.
Really?
Ali, what's too much money to spend on a necklace?
I guess it's all relative based on your bank account.
Okay, percentage wise.
So let's say you make $70,000 a year.
How much of that should be?
What's that?
I said, okay.
How much do you make?
I can't ask.
You can't tell me.
I feel like, and Dan, you can speak to this is like employee solidarity.
Like, let's fucking talk about this stuff because I got a raise two years.
Or, yeah, almost two years ago.
You're in a half ago.
And it's because of Dan, because Dan sat me down.
He said, look, this is what you could be making.
Because producers at I heart radio make this much.
You can use that stat.
I should believe all this out.
Because you told me also not to tell anybody that you told me that.
No, I don't know.
We can talk about this.
Again, employers holiday.
It's I think it's good to talk about these things.
Absolutely.
And I think you actually negotiate below what I recommend it.
I did because I couldn't go from what I was making to what you said I should make.
Because that's like an over 200% increase.
But now you're a CBS showcase.
You got a lot of things going for you.
They barely know anything.
And I had to work for four months straight.
But it looks good.
It looks great.
You make what?
$10,000.
Jeff, also your raise was before inflation.
You have to think about that too.
Like, I agree.
So you're encouraging me to ask for another raise.
I just feel like I want thin ice every year.
It should be at least like 3%.
3% to 5%.
But with inflation, you're probably, you know,
justified asking for a 10% raise.
Well, at least.
Maybe next year.
I feel like you have to ask around the end of the year.
Yeah.
For most people, it's every year.
And for you, it's every three and a half years.
Yeah.
What's that times 1.03?
It's not worth.
That's a dollar an hour.
It's not worth it.
Do you answer your question?
I personally, I wouldn't spend more than $100 on a necklace.
It's a wall.
It's great.
I think I spent $80 on a bracelet once.
Do love it.
It's a gift.
For myself.
It was an alley you thing.
Like, one of those hairy styles, Johns.
And I'm using the word John because we got Joel in the house.
You stay.
I'll thumbs up it.
Thumbs up it.
Yeah.
We've got a lot to get to.
But I want to take our time with it.
I want to, you know, ease into it.
I want there to be a texture.
This episode.
Dane came into the zoom.
He said, I'm, what did you say you're in high spirits today?
Nothing good break your spirit.
Yeah.
I feel great.
Let's put it in a break.
Let's see what if we can break Dane on this episode.
What do you guys, yeah?
What do you guys, is like, I'm not.
You'd need your resolutions, but intentions for the new year.
Like, in a word, or maybe more.
Well, the tweet that I, I sent out was just about like,
uh, how good this year feels in the conversation that I'm having.
Like, people are like, really, you know, work stuff is important.
But, you know, we're not just work.
What's like personal well-being, friends and family, a side project.
I feel like there's a lot of good energy toward, like, that balance.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
I think it has a good, uh, good as a good energy.
Your intention is to find that work life balance and foster your hobbies.
Then you know, I have a pretty good work life balance.
I feel like I can, like, operate at, like, 70% in my, in my role,
which is like, which actually is difficult to do.
I think for a lot of people.
Like, a lot of people that I know are like, I'm fucking exhausted by my job.
And I'm like, yeah, but I also hear you're talking about it.
Like, and thinking about it all the time, like, 10 PM, you've been off work for four hours.
Like, uh, every time I'm out into your slackness for this,
and being at one o'clock in the morning in my time.
So.
That's true.
I was, um, I was a little drunk because it's kind of been a fun week for me.
But, uh, Joel, what are your, what are your intentions?
Is it, is it mostly sexual, or is it, uh, you know, more about work, or is it more about play?
Obviously, there's a lot of sexual stuff to get to in the next 11 1 half months.
Just a little crazy.
Obviously, starting the year off, right?
It's sexually, but I'm, I'm.
I figured out what to pack my Argentina trip, my apartment.
Yes.
So a lot going on, obviously was happy to make the time for this, but, you know, a lot of
packing, a bunch of things, a lot of setting up, all that sort of stuff.
Any dates before Argentina, the next 48 hours, no, but I mean, hey, we're hosting a party.
So who knows what could happen?
Who's we?
Your roommate?
Yes.
Oh, yeah, you have a going away party.
I did hear that.
And I was like, how long is he going to be gone for?
Because I was like, if you're gone for like 10 days or less, like, you're an asshole for
doing it.
It's a weekend trip.
You asshole.
No, it's for a month, right?
It's for a month, but then also it's my roommate's birthday, and then also
are even more of an asshole to encroach on their birthday.
It's there for the announcement party.
Joel's going away, John.
Yeah, it's to be clear.
It's Joel's going away, John, and also Simone's birthday that weekend.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
All right.
And then I'm our debatable third roommate, meaning the person who's subletting
my room, or debatable fourth roommate, my friend and Nisha who's subletting our room,
is dropping a new song tomorrow too.
So release party, perhaps?
You gotta have wider friends.
Go on.
Just saying, like, you gotta have like, like, where are the shons?
That would have made a mirror laugh.
I think everyone here's a little too socially informed.
Myself included, which is why I'm going to cut that out.
Allie, intentions for the new year, what do you got?
My new year's resolutions are always really small and achievable.
And like last year, it was to actually start washing my face every night before I went to bed.
I was pretty lacs.
This year, my goal is to finally nail down.
It's all, I guess it's all skin care related.
I want to finally have a link in it.
Good afternoon.
Joel, shut the fight up for a second.
Can I put my mind's important, actually?
Allie, I screenshoted your Instagram story of your new year's resolutions.
Illegal.
Because I want to go back to it, because I liked it.
Right, and that's really nice.
That's really nice.
Your nails were really good.
Thank you.
You were very good.
How long have you had the ends?
I thought about it yesterday because I did leave the house after a really long time.
And I thought, oh, that was one of my things.
I just, that was my only goal.
Just leave that house one today.
That's fine.
It's much easier.
It's really hard to get me to go anywhere.
I'm not like, I'm not an easy hang.
That's really rude to yourself, I think.
I think you're a joyful hang.
I mean, easy to nail down.
No, yeah, I'm not easy to do.
Okay.
I'm not like, yeah.
Wow.
I think I'd like to think I'm an easy conversation loss.
But I'm not, it's not easy to get me to leave the house.
And I'm trying to be better about that.
Maybe that's another one along with my regimen.
Servy, right?
Yeah.
Plends the dish.
Moisturizer.
Easy.
Little under eye cream.
If you're like me with a little bit of bags.
Top it all off with the vitamin C serum.
That's all you need.
That is all you need.
You're missing a critical piece here.
Boy.
Sunscreen.
Yeah, you're supposed to do that.
I don't know.
I'm brown.
Hot take.
I kind of like eye bags.
Oh.
I think they're.
I think I need to.
Thank you.
Keep Davidson.
Machine gun Kelly.
Now I can take the sunglasses off.
Yeah.
If you look tired, I'll probably think you're more attractive.
First time.
You're taking the sunglasses off, right, Jack?
Because I've been crying.
Yeah.
Because I've been depressed as shit, right?
We'll totally helping the overall cause.
You're attractive, Miss.
Yeah.
We do have to move on.
I think it'd be fun to actually dive into those ins and outs.
Because Ali, they were very good.
And I know that not a lot of people, but not everyone who watched this is this show.
Follows you on Instagram.
So I think we should dive into that after the ad break.
But let's keep it going with everybody's.
I don't know where in this limbo where it feels like we all know it's going to be
Air and Taylor Johnson.
So I don't want to be an idiot and not say him.
I also learned something about him today, which is that when he was 18 years old.
He started dating a 42 year old.
So I don't know.
I think that that's not cool.
Maybe that's like one of those age gaps that's like.
Maybe he was groomed a little bit because also that was his boss on this film.
Because I saw on Twitter that there's these rumors that he and Joey King hadn't affair,
which I think are not true.
But everybody's just kind of like cheating's bad unless you're dating someone 20 years
or senior.
So yeah, that's my bond of the week is Aaron Taylor Johnson,
but maybe a single Aaron Taylor Johnson.
Maybe once he's bond, he'll kind of regain that childhood whimsy that he lost
when he started dating Sam.
Cool.
Sorry.
I'm going to go with Reeve Carney.
Who?
I love Reeve Carney.
I was being made fun of by Marika and others.
For not knowing who the actors of any of the fighter men's were.
And then who else this?
I was like, oh, I really liked Reeve Carney when I saw that in seventh grade.
And I'm like, oh, you haven't seen the Spider-Man movie,
but you saw the Broadway show in seventh grade.
He was also one of the leads in Hades Town.
Yeah, sorry.
I did not know this face.
And you know what?
When I saw how so Gucci in theater, he made a brief cameo.
And there was one person sitting behind me who gasped and then went,
is that Reeve Carney?
And I was like, I have one other person in this movie.
And I could talk about this way.
That's very funny.
He's hot.
I would go with any member of Boy Genius.
Oh, yeah.
RIP David Crosby.
I tweeted this earlier.
I don't think it was funny enough to keep up.
So I deleted it instantly.
But David Crosby, he died the way he lived,
trying to divert attention away from Phoebe Bridgers.
Because the Boy Genius cover came out tonight.
That's great.
I am a huge Crosby sales in Ashfan.
Honestly, a huge solo fan of a solo music.
I think he's a bad person, but RIP.
Well, he died today.
He died today for real.
Yeah, shout out Phoebe.
And I think she'd be great with Lucy.
I probably, I, you know, land on Lucy more or more so than the others.
That's a good move.
I think Phoebe's great.
I love her music, but I think she's a little over saturated.
And I think a Lucy dick is bond.
Nobody's fucking seeing that company coming.
What's the other person's name, Julian Baker?
Yeah.
She's too sad.
She's too sad to be bond.
She may not have to.
Yeah.
The in post.
Issues of that.
Yeah.
But again, she could be the gadgets person.
There you go.
Maybe they're all bond.
Actually, they're sisters.
We're lovers.
Right, man.
Yeah.
Alex, who's your bond of the week?
I think it's inspired by the calendar behind me, which is for her be fully loaded.
I saw on TikTok that it calendars from two to nothing.
Fixed the dates match up with 2023.
So I went on eBay.
So my bond of the week is Lindsay Lohan.
That's.
That's like, maybe the best time to make this in history.
Here.
Your new year's resolution is to live 2023 as if it's 2023 or 2006.
Yeah.
I'm buying all low-rise pants again.
Watch out, world.
It's not a bad.
It's not a bad move.
I think that that's a really interesting way to pack your way into having a bond pick.
I always get.
Herbie fully loaded confused with like a blackout drunk.
Herbie Hancock.
I don't know who Herbie Hancock is.
Why are to ask?
Does dry January really make people healthier?
Obstaining from alcohol can have immediate benefits.
But lasting gains is where you make lasting change.
You know, I actually have a few guys.
I, I, I, I have a thought about this, which is over Christmas break.
I was a hangout in my few friends at a parent house.
And one of his favorite things to do when he's out of parent house.
Maybe you're a little high.
Whatever is turn on Fox News.
Take it.
And I just had a label.
So I haven't heard anything you've said because you really just have learned to power through the bullshit on the show.
And it's impressive.
It's impressive to be.
What did you actually?
Sorry.
So just know that me and a few of my friends were a little high.
We're watching Fox News mostly for the ads because they're just incredible.
If no one's ever from the late night Fox News ads.
Turns out there was this like show on.
I want to say it was called gut failed.
And we're like two minutes into watching it.
And I'm like, this is essentially the head gum podcast.
No.
He shows like a screen.
He's like, you know, 30% of adults report that they spend more time.
They really need to in the bathroom just to avoid their family.
Thoughts.
You only difference is a follow on jokes from the other people present are far more off color.
Yeah.
So you know, they're like, ah, you would too if you live with my wife.
Oh, whatever.
Well, that's funny.
Yeah.
That's just comedy.
Hmm.
Yeah.
But anyway, I was like, hey, this is like kind of similar.
And I know you've struggled explaining it to people.
So you could be like, hey, it's kind of like the Fox News film.
Oh, gut felt.
Yeah.
What does gut felt mean?
Is that somebody's name?
I think he's like some former wrestler guy.
Weird.
Um, per vulture, 25 years later, no one knows who spiked the Titanic Chowder.
Oh, PCP.
I didn't even know that was a thing.
This I can speak on.
Yeah.
I couldn't.
Please.
It was you.
Ha ha ha.
Guilty.
I did a thing.
That would be so funny if that's how they came out with it.
Did a thing.
Yeah.
Um, I think it was a.
I rumors I think are pointing to a disgruntled crew member who hated James Cameron,
but the most important piece of that story that's really important to include is that the old woman,
old rose who drops the necklace at the end, not involved had a different lunch that day.
And how do you know that fact?
Because I've read every article about this incident.
Okay.
Was obviously my first question like, what about what about this lady?
Yeah.
They don't want her to trip and not realize it more than anybody else in a submarine.
Are they were they underwater or the water?
Okay. So it happened there last day of filming in Nova Scotia.
And.
I don't know underwater scenes, but no, no, but there was a crew.
Well, I was a disgruntled crew member who just like poured a ton of PCP into the shared crew lunch,
which was Chowder.
Disgusting.
So everybody ate their Chowder and then tripped balls the rest of the day.
And it was like own intense spectrum of reactions.
Like some people were vomiting off the side of the fake ship.
There was like a conglign going through like every some people were weeping.
Some people were like, I think making out like it was just a crazy drug adult to like,
best aboard the Titanic, which by the way,
for shooting, they only could make half of the books.
It's so expensive.
So it's really half the shit.
I mean, you can die from having too much PCP, right?
Probably.
That's that's fucked up.
No, it was that's that's a that prank couldn't happen.
Now.
The.
Can you make the office now it is?
And you couldn't spike Chowder with these.
I don't think I think it's now officially uncouth,
but back then you could get away with much more.
I'm told about a third of the way through that.
I thought we were talking about this got spiked on the actual Titanic.
Me too.
At first, but then I remember the story that I read like three weeks ago.
Yeah.
Why didn't the people had Jones town or in Jones town drink Jones.
The soda.
I think it spikes anything it's my point.
Or like a malt.
You know, it's your last meal.
It's your last drink.
You don't want to have like a milkshake.
You've ever worked at a concession stand.
I worked at a cafe.
Making maltz is really time intensive for that big of a village.
Got a six to powder.
I mean, they're about to die like they have literally all the time in the world.
I call me Grant leaders not taking the time to like whip up multiple
hours.
Just satisfy everybody with a mole.
That's just not practical draft.
Nobody's ever talked to me like that before.
You've humbled me this day.
During when I first moved to LA and I was very unemployed and had so much time on my hands.
I knew it was really time to like figure it out when I went to the museum of death on a Monday morning.
I was like, don't open up this place, Ellie.
Are you feeling better now?
No, I've since gotten a job and I'm doing better, but yeah.
Did you get there before the hours opened?
Oh yeah, I was waiting outside.
Sorry, my computer's lagging and so that should have happened three seconds earlier.
Let's do it.
That's fine.
I was door outside waiting for them to unlock so I could go learn.
Incredible.
According to Grubstreet, Gen Z is housing and mass martinis.
Hey, they're then they're left and right.
What is your guys' cocktail of choice?
Let's start Joel.
I like a classic whiskey sour, whiskey ginger, something that people think you know what you're
like.
That's cool.
I go with a mezcal fashion and every one will drink.
Everyone loves when I say it.
It's just like, it is the drink.
It is cool.
I feel like that's also blending your environments, right?
Because you're from San Diego, kind of a mezcal.
Early Southern California because I haven't lived in San Diego, but it's like a very
mezcal town LA.
So I assume that that extends to Southern California.
And then I feel like New York City for sure, but also upstate.
It's kind of more of an old fashion territory.
You've blended the two.
I would say, Dane Cardio is a mezcal old fashion.
Our next partners, I've let a greens guys.
I obviously love athletic greens.
They're a huge sporter of the show.
And it's a product that I truly use every day.
I'm in my 20s.
So I started taking athletic greens because I don't always ticker myself in every other regard.
So I was like, let me do something for my physical and mental well-being every single day.
And athletic greens is that product for me.
Where I know I'm getting high quality vitamins, minerals and whole-food source superfoods every
single day.
I wake up.
I have my water and then I have my AG1 and then I have my cold brew and it gets me off to a solid
start.
It's also hard for me to keep up with this supplement routine when I have to take a bunch
of different pills and supplements.
And it's really hard to source those things and make sure that they're all high quality.
And I realize very quickly that AG1 has all those things and then some things that I maybe
would be like, oh, I'm not going to buy a whole pill bottle of that because who needs it.
AG1 has it.
It has everything you need.
And I truly have noticed a difference in my sleep quality and in my mental clarity and alertness.
Also just convenience, right?
Why would you take a bunch of things down your throat when you could really just do it
once with the powder in water?
It really makes a lot of sense and it's also cheaper.
I was spending so much money before when I was getting vitamins all separately.
Now I just have AG1 and it gets everything done nutritionally and financially.
I'm always looking for life hacks and that's why I love and trust AG1.
By athletic greens because it's an all in one formula that makes it easy for me to cover my nutritional
basis.
Like I said every day, every scoop is packed with 75 vitamins, minerals, and whole food
sourced ingredients of the highest quality of the highest caliber and calendar that
give me major benefits.
Like gut and mood support boosted energy and even healthier looking skin hair and nails.
I mean, nobody said anything but I know you're thinking it.
So if you're looking for an easier way to take supplements, athletic greens is giving you a free
one year supply of vitamin D and five free travel packs with your first purchase of athletic
greens AG1.
So go to athleticgreens.com slash what's that?
Again, that's athleticgreens.com slash what's that?
Check it out.
Just give it a try.
All right.
It's a new year.
New year.
Come aboard.
Thanks, athleticgreens.
This show is sponsored by Better Help.
Guys, I'm in therapy every week.
Again, I say this every time but I truly believe in therapy.
I've seen myself go through a personal transformation in my relationships.
My friendships, my relationships, my family.
All of those things have become stronger because I know myself better.
Right?
I know my triggers.
I understand my trauma is more and that can only come from therapy.
It can't come from your friends alone.
Obviously they're part of your support system as well.
But you also don't want to burden people with too much.
You know, they're there for you, but to a point.
And that's where therapy can come in.
So when you're at your best, you can do great things.
But sometimes life gets you bogged down and you may feel overwhelmed or like you're not showing up again in the way that you want to.
And working with a therapist can help you get closer to the best version of you.
Because when you feel empowered, you're more prepared to take on everything that life throws at you.
And it just makes life feel a little less serious.
You know, you hear the word therapy and you're like, I don't know.
I'm not dealing with something that I need to go to therapy for.
But I don't know, you don't need to be dealing with a huge trauma.
You know, I think just, well, first of all, we all have traumas.
But second of all, I think you can just, you know, with things come up every week.
Things come up that if you can just talk it out with somebody for 45, 50 minutes.
You know, it just makes life feel lighter.
So, you know, I know we all want that.
That's what I try to do with this show.
I try to make y'all's life lighter by making people on the show's lives harder and heavier if that makes any sense.
Anyway, I digress.
If you're thinking of giving therapy a try, better help is a great option.
It's convenient, flexible, affordable, and entirely online.
Just fill out a brief, questionnaire, a brief questionnaire to get matched with the license therapist
and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge if it's not working out.
So you have nothing to lose if you want to live a more empowered life.
Empowered life, Jesus.
Therapy can get you there.
So visit betterhelp.com slash what's that today?
To get 10% off your first month a better help.
Again, that's better help.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks, better help.
And we're back.
You know, when you're hosting this show, you kind of have to be like, what's a good cut point?
What's an edit point?
What's the funniest thing that's been said for 10 minutes?
And that's the best thing to like go to the break on.
You know what I mean?
Do we get to hear Alice?
I don't think so.
It's a little, yeah.
Let's cut the hat right now.
I guess a chance.
What is your drink of choice, Kong?
Similarly, the jewel.
I like a whiskey, ginger ale.
I dated a guy once in college who introduced me to that drink.
And it's the one thing I took from that brief relationship.
You know, like, I genuinely like it.
But then when I have it, I'm like, oh, memories.
A Harvard study found that deep relationships, quote unquote, are the key to a longer life.
How do you guys develop and then foster a nurture deep relationships that start a jewel?
You know, it takes doing the work.
You got to show up, takes consistency, consistency is key.
Got to reach out to people.
You know, you can't always be waiting for people to reach out to you.
You got to text them.
Hey, what do you up to this week?
Let's make dinner together.
You're texting.
Are you asking that?
Sorry.
Yeah.
That was rude.
Good to know.
I got nothing else.
You got it.
Not.
You got to pay attention.
I'm talking.
That helps.
Something that's in for me this year is a poppin.
But you need to have the deep relationship, I think, for the poppin to work.
So like the quantity of poppins I can do in 2023 will correlate to the deep relationships that I have.
Like just going to someone's house and saying, hey, and hanging out for an hour or two.
That is frightening.
I think to 99% of Americans today.
Yeah.
I got it.
We got to do more poppins.
I like that, actually, because one of the best nights that I not nights after news that I had last
fall was my friend Sarah was like, hey, my washer, dryer is broken and can I come over
and do laundry at your place.
She comes over.
My other friend was going to come over anyways and we're going to get lunch and then we're
just like because of Sarah's poppin.
We just all got lunch.
It was great.
That's not up.
Is that?
I said, that's really nice.
Yeah.
I agree with both of you guys.
I think it's, it loves a verb.
It's about active intent.
And I'm a big fan of small acts of service coupled with like, you know, a heart to heart
then I know we're really good friends.
And I'm pretty, I'm, I'm pretty, I'm an over share and it's easy for me to just say things
about myself very fast and the hope that, you know, maybe we'll see what sticks.
But when I have someone else reciprocate that and meet me trying to go, then I feel like
we are in a shared place of understanding and intent.
I'm just a little bit.
I'm the same way of like, I, I kind of lost interest in surface level friendships and
some people just can't give you that, which is fine.
But, you know, setting your own boundaries.
I'm like, I don't want, I can't be friends with you in the way that you think we're
friends.
I can be like, I know that person.
I'm not friends because we don't participate in a shared vulnerability, right?
I don't know anything about you, Jack.
I don't like friend breakups though.
I think that's super cringe.
Like, like sitting down with a friend and saying, we can no longer be friends.
I've never done that in my life.
Me.
I've seen that as like a trend.
Like you just like part ways, but this whole like, oh, I thought this was a
deep relationship.
It wasn't reciprocated.
It's I need to tell you you're no longer a person in my life.
I move on, sweetie.
Joel, are you listening?
That was you telling me to move on?
Here we go.
I can't share my screen right now because I'm afraid my laptop's going to freak out.
But here's the audio.
It's the unsinking of the Titanic.
Time to coincide with the movie's 25th anniversary.
The film's director is trying to finally slam the door.
Well done.
On that age old question about the door.
Jack.
Did Rose hog it when Jack could have fit?
Room on that door for a family of four.
Are you critics?
Adding poochies to prove the point.
But now Matt Gio presents a scientific reenactment.
Yeah.
Using stunt doubles plastered with sensors,
floundering in cold water.
This is the teaser.
They consulted an expert on hypothermia.
Within eight minutes, Jack would have been unconscious in that position.
And by the way, director James Cameron told reporters,
It's technically not a door.
It's a piece of panelling from the first class lounge.
Yeah.
Well, whatever it was, it's been put to the test before.
I think Jack's death was needless.
Mythbusters determined that if only they'd tied Rose's life jacket,
underneath the wood, the additional buoyancy could have supported them both.
But director Cameron was unmoved.
She has to die.
The dude's going down.
Cameron compares it to Romeo and Juliet.
In the famous line, you say, I'll never let you go, Jack.
I'll never let go.
I promise you.
But you do.
I like it.
This is one movie controversy that just won't sink.
Colbert and Kate Winslet.
Come on, darling.
Let's run for two.
Have already done their own reenactment and no life boats were needed.
Oh, hands on death.
Yes!
Genie moats.
CNN.
New York.
Comments?
I don't know.
I would have never thought to tie the life jacket underneath the wood.
That's a weird thing for Mythbusters to be like,
they should have just done this thing everyone would have thought of.
I wouldn't have thought of that?
No!
I'm not taking off my life jacket.
That seems to be step one.
Yeah.
I guess this is more of a Titanic, sorry.
So I just, I, he was going to die.
And what did she supposed to do?
And he's dead.
Keep his body there and hang out.
Swim over to the captain with him to go get the whistle.
That was never going to happen.
Yeah.
I really can't agree more with Ali right now.
It's kind of been her life was better to after the fact.
Honestly.
Like, that was a fling.
That was a moment.
That was a summer camp rendezvous.
She had much better relationship.
Yeah, who cares about Jack?
I guess this date line, I don't know where that came from,
but that was Genie Moose.
My favorite CNN reporter.
Or at least top three.
That's really sweet of you.
You're right.
Constantly.
That was it for News of the Day.
The rest was just relaxing.
So I was wondering, maybe we could talk about your ins and outs.
Ali, do you want to read them out?
No, we can discuss.
Because they weren't earnestly very good.
Everybody did them this year.
Which I did not like yours were good.
And I mean that truly.
Like yours are the only ones that I was like,
Oh, this is funny.
That's actually pointing in.
I agree with that.
That's cool.
You seemed like an arbiter.
At least of taste.
But if not a lot of different other things.
Let me try to find it.
If anyone else wants to to go.
I mean, hey, maybe I got the screenshot on deck.
You have it.
Pull that up already.
Oh, my gosh.
Come on, guys.
So I actually have it.
Okay.
Number one.
In.
In for 2023.
Expanded flower budget.
Import it.
I agree.
I didn't got it.
What's that?
I was going to ask, like, what's your routine, though?
Is it like a, you know, a Sunday, you know, before the farmers market?
Is it a random Tuesday?
I'll do so.
I love a Sunday flower at the farmers market.
But also any time I met the grocery store when I.
Yeah.
My card.
It always makes me feel better after.
And then I feel like I'm living in my house.
This is no home.
And by the house, I mean, apart.
I like to imagine Ali walking through a gelsan's AirPods in just like, it's time to make
your house your home.
Pick up the phone.
And then yeah, you grab a bouquet of pee and ease.
Number two, dinner parties.
The pacing of this episode is crazy.
Somehow I'm the host now.
Yeah.
I have a thought on this.
You know, I'll jump in.
Personal chef dinner parties.
Yeah.
That is like a good power move.
I think where it's like not that much more expensive.
Yeah.
Getting pretty go.
Well, it's going to be expensive.
But like, no, it's an experience that I think would be as expensive as a nice restaurant,
right?
Yeah.
I feel like you live the life that I want to live when I'm your age.
I haven't done a dinner party yet like that.
But, no.
Well, I've been to one.
It was lovely.
Well, you live where I want to live when I'm in my 30s.
I guess my point.
Well, I might be renting my house by then.
So that could work.
That could work out.
What's your dress?
I almost gave it.
Oh, my.
Um.
Okay.
I found it if we want to.
Joel has had it.
You didn't believe me.
You didn't believe that these were actually on your list after I said them.
No.
I believed them.
I was like, when I remember doing flowers is the first one.
And when you said it, I went, oh, in my head.
Oh.
Yeah.
That's it.
What's the second one?
I'm psychone was dinner parties.
I'm just going to choose the other ones that I like.
Yeah.
What do you like?
Uh, aportivo's.
That was one of them.
Important.
Yeah.
We're talking Italian Amaro.
Amarii, rather.
For the road slash ages.
Well, maybe not for the road.
Because it is alcohol.
You've also already done the large sunglasses one.
Yeah.
I'm over tiny sunglasses.
I don't look good in them.
That's too wide for my face.
Continue.
I liked.
Well, I liked niche movie nights because, I had a few walk party last year, because I was realised
I'd never seen Le Mes the movie.
And I was like, when the helmet I ever going to take the time to do this, it's like a four hour
thing.
Yeah.
Okay, we'll do it as if I like created an adventure around it, so I invited a bunch
of people to my house to watch Le Mes and I only served a loaf of bread.
Yeah.
face. It was really fun. That's very funny. I like when people do shit like that. My friends just did like a
Heather's table read for no reason. Yeah. And I had a panic attack so I didn't end up going. But that's that that's that cool stuff.
I don't know why I'd said it like that. That's the cool shit. That's that cool shit. Yeah, it's awesome.
Oh, no, no, no. What else do you got? What else does Ali have we should say? The search for a signature scent.
Do you guys have a signature scent? Ali have you found it yet? No, I'm always looking though. I keep trying things.
And I have a lot of her. It's also, I have to figure out like a budget situation because perfumes are not. It's so expensive.
And I'm very scared to take a risk. You don't have to hand it to the flower budget. Yeah. Yeah.
But at least perfume lasts. Flowers are fleeting. I'm not arguing for perfume over flowers. I just think
you can justify the price a little bit more. Here's what I also say. Layer. Right? Because everybody wears
you know, certain things and you know, everybody smells the same. You got a layer. So it's like,
that smells good. And like this one thing I've smelled before. But there's that extra little sauce, right?
It's that salt bay thing which Dana and I understand because people come up to us on the street. They say,
are you salt bay? We say, how dare you? Absolutely not. That's why Dana lived up state.
Because he got it too much on the streets of Brooklyn. You gotta get away from Ali attention.
Citrus herbal must for me.
Everybody's trudging through the humidity of me today. No, not at all. I'm so impressed. No, I
definitely add all. And it's impressive. Citrus herbal must. Yes. It's great. It smells good.
But I need a scent, too. But that's probably 24 for me to be honest. I would love to be. Maybe
that's my new goal. My my resolution for this year. I want to be someone we walk by and someone
goes, you smell really good. Yeah. I mean, that's like one of the hottest things that anyone can do
with your cash. It's true. Yeah, I want, I'm going to buy fair mobs. Yeah, done off? No one's ever said that to me.
You're okay? I mean either. I'm not so into the, I've never had a signature scent. I like
always buy deodorant and wear it 75% of the days. And that's that. I did have that phase of like
in high school where if I use Cologne and that's going to increase my chances with women. What a,
as a traumatic experience, probably why I don't go back to Cologne or anything like that because it's just
ski-bee. There was a really powerful and beautiful time in 2007 when I feel like all of the
boys and my grades smelled like Hollister and Abercrombies. Yeah. I felt afraid of the Hollister
thing, but yeah, it, you know, it doesn't work when you're like a 13-year-old
Shelby kid, like it just doesn't work. You're not fit. Let alone Abercrombie.
You're not that guy. Pelt trust me. You're not that guy. Let's keep it going, Joel.
Let's talk about some of the outs. I actually didn't screenshot the outs. The outs are out for me.
Really? Um, nice. That must be what it feels like for you guys on this show. Like here in Joel
say that, I was like, climb in. That's must be how you guys feel every time I say anything, huh?
Yeah, it's kind of interesting playing host. Is, is the head come podcast out in 2023 or
can it be out in 2024? Please can we just get one more year?
I think it was a question for you. Yeah, for video conversation with you. It's in for me.
I really wait. What's that? Holy shit. I have a ton of ideas for this year. So for me, it's in.
I mean, I, I, I cleared up things in my schedule. I want to do a, I want to do a west coast tour
if possible. At the very least, I want to do a show. And then I also want to, I don't want to,
I don't want even want to talk about my ideas for it. I was, I was talking to on yet KC Katie and
Marieka about this last week. Yes. I have an idea for like a mini thing, which I also don't,
I'm going to cut this out because otherwise people are going to be like, yeah, haven't done it yet.
I'm like, I'm fucking going to. It's just what I have in mind requires a little bit of money. And I don't
have a lot of it right now. And the network's not going to give it to me.
Is that all we want to wax about? Is that all you liked about her ins and outs? Because that wasn't
very many drill on. You said you loved it so much so that you screenshot it. Yeah, I really like the
nightlights and the bathrooms one. I did that. I got one and it looks like a candle and it's
light sensitive. So it only turns on when it's dark. And it's like a little flickering flame.
It's also been too because you also have candelabras on here. Oh, yeah. I'm really big into
fanom of the opera decor. Opera core. Opera core, yeah. Phantom core, Phantom of the opera core.
I love that arc for you. I'd love to see. So this is what you, this is what your room looks like now.
This is what you look like now. We'll check in on December. It's just it's January 19th.
Let's we'll check in on November 19th. How about that? I'm setting an actual reminder right now.
Check in with Ali about Phantom of the opera core. Part of what I'm hoping for is that I don't
know what the fuck that means by November. You know, make sure it's for men. I think is
fans of the opera core. I feel like a lot of them have tucked in shirts. That's true.
Make that November 19th. Check in a pop-in.
Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo. What's your address, Alan? You got me, daddy.
Uh, what a good call back Joel and we are at that moment where it is the 45-minute mark. What do you
guys have to plug? Where do you want to point the people to? The floor is y'all's. Let's go Dane,
Ali, Joel. Hit us with it. Twitter. Dane, cardio. Find me there.
I have like an announcement to make in like a month. So, yeah, stay tuned. Are you leaving
head going? No. Yes. Okay, cool. Uh, you can follow me at AliCon on all social media. But really,
I'm getting into Letterbox dim loving it. So I don't care about anything else. I just care about that.
Everyone, um, coming to my party tomorrow, wish Simone a happy birthday, wish Anisha a happy drop
day, wish me most importantly. And that's all I got. Uh, at Jeff, we're already on Twitter,
at Jeffrey James on Instagram. Um, this whole thing was does folks. We, uh, we're back in our
stride. This is a great episode. Uh, 23.
That was a hit them original.